In the Entertainment category, Ticket Booking site is mainly focused
on booking movie tickets and shows or events tickets using online payment
methods. BookMyShow, Paytm Movies and PVR.com are famous sites for
booking movie tickets and events tickets.One of the best features is that
customers can get to know movie show timing and buy tickets online via
the internet 24x7.
We have selected a Movie ticket booking system as our project for
Human Computer Interaction(HCI). Our plan is to mainly focus on a user
friendly interface due to which users can access websites with ease and
understanding. We will try to enter the feature that when a particular user
visits the website then we will give a list of movies available in his/her
languages or region to him. We will try to implement the user interface
design which is very recommended by all users like they can view the
website in both dark and light mode. We will also try to implement the
feature "about the film" which helps the user to select a movie of his choice
which follows the more informative feedback principle. We will try to
implement the selecting seats and show details about booked tickets which
allows the user to select a seat of his choice and we will show the price
accordingly. There will be a contact us option through which the user can
contact if he faces any problem operating website or want to ask about the
updates. In this manner, we will try to follow the principles of HCI.



In the Entertainment category, Ticket Booking site is mainly focused
on booking movie tickets for shows using online payment
methods. BookMyShow, Paytm Movies and PVR.com are famous sites for
booking movie tickets and events tickets.One of the best features is that
customers can get to know movie show timing and buy tickets online via
the internet 24x7.
We have selected a Movie ticket booking system as our project for the same. Our plan is to mainly focus on a user
friendly web application through which users can access our website with ease.We will provide user sign up, user login and admin login. We are planning to enter the feature that when a particular user
visits the website then we will display a list of some available movies according to category of the movie. 

 We also plan to provide the
feature "about the film" i.e, metadate which helps the user for better selection of a movie of his/her choice. We plan to
implement the seat selection feature, display details about booked/unbooked tickets which
allows the user to select a seat of his/her choice and will display the price
accordingly. There will be a "contact us/give feedback" option through which the user can
contact if he faces any problem operating website or want to ask about the
updates via email. 



